Update self signed cert docs (#630)
codenvy/che-docs: src/main/pages/che-6/setup-openshift/openshift-config.adoc

oc new-app -f deploy/openshift/templates/multi/openshift-certificate-secret.yaml -p CERTIFICATE="${CERTIFICATE}"
----

> You can create a secret with certificate in a different way, for example using oc/kubectl client

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is another way to create a secret with a certificate using the `oc` (or `kubectl`) client:
```

> ----

Reviewer: [subs="+quotes"]
----]

Reviewer: The comment is somehow misformatted. Not sure how it happened. I meant to suggest the following (it allows formatting to happen in the code block):
```suggestion
[subs="+quotes"]
----
```

Reviewer: I used the 'suggested change' mechanism. It should be possible to just click 'accept suggestion', and it will be added as a commit. Anyway, here's the entire code block:

```
[subs="+quotes"]
----
$ oc create secret generic self-signed-certificate --from-file=__</path/to/certificate>__
----

>     oc create secret generic self-signed-certificate --from-file=/path/to/certificate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
oc create secret generic self-signed-certificate --from-file=__</path/to/certificate___
```

----

> Once `self-signed-certificate` is created, `CHE_SELF__SIGNED__CERT` env takes cert file content as a value and is then used in entrypoints of Che server and Keycloak images.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once `self-signed-certificate` is created, the `pass:[CHE_SELF__SIGNED__CERT]` environment variable takes the content of the certificate file as a value and is then used in entrypoints of the Che server and Keycloak images.
```

> The secret is also propagated to workspace pods, and agents like exec, terminal and workspace agent use it when connecting to a workspace master.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The secret is also propagated to workspace pods and agents like *exec*. The *terminal* and *workspace* agents use it when connecting to a workspace master.
```

oc new-app -f deploy/openshift/templates/multi/openshift-certificate-secret.yaml -p CERTIFICATE="${CERTIFICATE}"
----

There is another way to create a secret with a certificate using the `oc` (or `kubectl`) client:

----

>     oc create secret generic self-signed-certificate --from-file=__</path/to/certificate___

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    oc create secret generic self-signed-certificate --from-file=__</path/to/certificate>__
```
